Update icons guide for tauri-cli v1.1 (#884)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/features/icons.md

import Command from '@theme/Command'

# Icons

> Tauri ships with a default iconset based on its logo. This is NOT what you want when you ship your application. To remedy this common situation, Tauri provides the `icon` command that will take an input file (`"./app-icon.png"` by default) and create all the icons needed for the various platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tauri ships with a default iconset based on its logo. This is NOT what you want when you ship your application. To remedy this common situation, Tauri provides the `icon` command that will take an input file (`"./app-icon.png"` by default) and create all the icons needed for the various platforms.
```

Or list out those platforms here if you want it

Author: nah, just a typo

## Usage

> Starting with `@tauri-apps/cli` / `tauri-cli` version 1.1 the `icon` is part of the main cli:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with `@tauri-apps/cli` / `tauri-cli` version 1.1 the `icon` subcommand is part of the main cli:
```

After we update the CLI docs post-launch we can add a link to it as well

Author: good call, we need to update the cli doc template before the release x)

Reviewer: I'll do a change to test it

<Command name="icon" />

```console
> cargo tauri icon --help
cargo-tauri-icon 1.1.0

Generates various icons for all major platforms

USAGE:
    cargo tauri icon [OPTIONS] [INPUT]

ARGS:
    <INPUT>    Path to the source icon (png, 1240x1240px with transparency) [default: ./app-icon.png]

OPTIONS:
    -h, --help               Print help information
    -o, --output <OUTPUT>    Output directory. Default: 'icons' directory next to the tauri.conf.json file
    -v, --verbose            Enables verbose logging
    -V, --version            Print version information
```

> If you (temporarily) can't use Tauri CLI with version 1.1 or above you can use the deprecated `tauricon` package via `npx`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't use Tauri CLI with version 1.1 or above you can use the deprecated `tauricon` package via `npx`:
```

Add a link to the repo?

Reviewer: Also, this would be good to wrap in a :::note::: thingy

Author: really hesitant about this tbh, i want to promote the old package as little as possible. I guess the repo link is fair, but a note may highlight it too much 🤔

Reviewer: I'd just remove this section completely then. Doesn't make sense to include non-supported things in the guides

Author: I'm fine with that if you don't tell on me x)

Reviewer: I didn't see a thing 👀

```console
npx @tauri-apps/tauricon
```

Note that `tauricon` uses the `--target` argument instead of `--output` to specify the output path.

---

> By default, the icons will be placed in your `src-tauri/icons` folder where they will automatically be included in your built app.
> 
> If you need to source your icons from some other location, you can edit this part of the `src-tauri/tauri.conf.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the icons will be placed in your `src-tauri/icons` folder where they will automatically be included in your built app. If you want to source your icons from a different location, you can edit this part of the `tauri.conf.json` file:
```

:::info Note on filetypes

- `icon.icns` = macOS
- `icon.ico` = Windows
- `*.png` = Linux
- `Square*Logo.png` & `StoreLogo.png` = Currently unused but intended for AppX/MS Store targets.

> Note that especially the png icons may be used on other platforms. Therefore we recommend including all icons even if you intend to only build for a subset of platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that icon types may be used on platforms other than those listed above (especially `png`). Therefore we recommend including all icons even if you intend to only build for a subset of platforms.
```

Author: i wanted to say that there is a possibility that the other types may be used outside their primary platform too, not just png

Reviewer: How about that phrasing then (updated suggestion)?

> :::

Reviewer: I'd move this up to the top of the guide (after your opening paragraph)

> If you plan on building these icons yourself, for example because you don't want to depend on the CLI's itnernal image resizing, especially if you want to have simpler design for small sizes, the required layer sizes and names for the [ICNS] file are described [here] and the [ICO] file must include layers for 16, 24, 32, 48, 64 and 256px.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to build these icons yourself (if you want to have simpler design for small sizes or because you don't want to depend on the CLI's internal image resizing), the required layer sizes and names for the [`icns`] file are described [in the Tauri repo] and the [`ico`] file must include layers for 16, 24, 32, 48, 64 and 256 pixels.
```

For optimal display of the ICO image _in development_, the 32px layer should be the first layer.

> [here]: https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/blob/dev/tooling/cli/src/helpers/icns.json
> [icns]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Icon_Image_format
> [ico]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICO_(file_format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[in the Tauri repo]: https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/blob/dev/tooling/cli/src/helpers/icns.json
[`icns`]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Icon_Image_format
[`ico`]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICO_(file_format)
```
